---## 🧩 Different Monitoring System Overview### 🔄 Statsd-DatadogLearn how to use difference monitoring system with Camunda 8 (Self-managed) :- Gain hands-on experience configuring Micrometer inside Camunda Platform 8 (Self-managed)- Understand how different monitoring backends (Prometheus, StatsD, Datadog, etc.) consume metrics.- Learn the difference between pull-based and push-based metric collection models.- Validate metric collection by running StatsD Exporter or Prometheus Server locally or within Kubernetes.Go to [Statsd and Datadog](statsd-datadog/README.md) challenge.---### 📊 Openmetric & DatadogLearn how to leverage Camunda 8 SaaS Monitoring with other Monitor System:- Spin up a **Datadog Agent** using Docker.- Configure the Agent to **scrape the Camunda 8.8 SaaS Cluster Metrics endpoint** using the OpenMetrics integration.- Verify that metrics such as **`zeebe_health`** are available in Datadog.- Build a **Datadog dashboard** (table widget) that shows **Zeebe partition health** (1 = healthy, 0 = unhealthy).Go to [Openmetric and Datadog](openmetric-datadog/solution/SOLUTION.md) challenge.---### ⚙️ OpenTelemetry & DatadogLearn how to integrate non-Prometheus monitoring systems:- Configure OpenTelemetry Collectors to scrape https to Prometheus- Configure the OpenTelemetry Collectors to External Monitoring Backend (Datadog) to displayGo to [OpenTelemetry & Datadog.md](opentelemetry-datadog/solution/SOLUTION.md)challenge.---### Resources- [Use a different monitoring system](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/self-managed/operational-guides/monitoring/metrics/#use-a-different-monitoring-system)- [Configure monitoring systems to scrape metrics](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/next/components/saas/monitoring/cluster-metrics-endpoint/configure-monitoring-systems-to-scrape-metrics/#integrate-non-prometheus-monitoring-systems)